The following is the problem statement of the project called "Shop3D" :
"This project aims to enhance online shopping by providing interactive 3D product visualizations directly within a web browser. 
The project will develop a web application using Angular that allows users to explore products in 3D, rotate them, zoom in on details, and view them from different angles. 
This innovative approach will improve product perception, enhance customer engagement, and provide a more informative online shopping experience. 
Data, including 3D models and product information, can be stored and managed using Azure cloud services."

The following description shows on how we achieved the project :
To get the 3d Models : Insert 3d models in power point and save it, change the .pptx extension to .zip and extract it and get the .glb file from media folder
Store the .glb 3d models in storage account and give public access and copy, paste the links in product table.
 Pages and their description :

Customer View Pages 
Navbar contains wishlist, cart ,orders and profile nav items.
Home Page :
Created an attractive home page and provided help desk contact details at footer of homepage.

Products Page:
There is a navbar in each page.
Products are displayed in grid format 
And Filter option is there to filder the products based on the price rage and categories.
And also search the products based on the search terms.
When the product is clicked it goes to the product details page.

Product Details Page :
Detailed information of the product is displayed.
3 thumbnails are present like normal image, 3d model thumbnail, dimensions thumbnail.
When the 3d model is clicked , 3d model is displayed and can be rotated and zoomed .
When dimensions thumbnail is clicked, it shows the dimension values like height, width and length.
In product details section , average rating is displayed with filled stars. A qunatity update button is present to increase and decrease the quaniytity. 
When Add to cart button is clicked, it is added to cart.
When Add to Wishlist button is clicked, it is added to wishlist.
Below product details there are customer reviews and then FAQs


Wishlist Page:
Products are displayed with Add to cart and remove from wishlist buttons.

Cart Page :
At left side products are displayed with qunatity update buttons .
Move to Wishlist and Remove from cart buttons are also present for each product.
At right side , order summary is displayed like shipping charges, gst and total amount.
Below it "Proceed to Checkout" is present, when it is clicked it goes to checkout page.

Checkout page :
At left side addresses are displayed . One address can be selected from them.
Add new address button is to add new address for the user.
Edit Address and Delete Address buttons are also present for each address.
At right side , order summary is dislayed and belwo it "Place Order" button is present.
When it is cliked the order is placed and it shows successful message with view orders button when it is cliked it goes to orders page.


Orders Page:
Each order is displayed in each container with header and product items in that particular order. 
Order header contains shipped date, total amount, order status and shipped address and cancel button.
Each product in order is displayed with purchased quantity and unit price.

Login Page 

Sign Up Page

Admin View 
When the admin logged in there is only Add New Product nav item 
And Products are displayed with edit and delete buttons. When the buttons are clicked he can update or delete the product.
